welcome to the man of recaps we're
talking daredevil season 1 daredevil is
a blind superhero he was in a car
accident as a kid but the toxic
chemicals gave him super other senses so
he can hear well enough to see a lot
like a bat unfortunately Batman was
taken so here we are by day he's Matt
Murdock attorney-at-law because justice
is blind get it he's got his best friend
and partner foggy Nelson who's his goofy
sidekick one day Karen Paige wakes up in
her apartment covered in this guy's
blood with a knife in her hand pretty
open-and-shut case but Nelson and
Murdock go to check it out and she's
like I have no idea I think I was
drugged then I'm being set up and
because he's got super-hearing he knows
that she's telling the truth
so they take the case she was working
for this big company called Union allied
and she accidentally discovered evidence
that they were doing crime and stuff so
that's why she thinks they're trying to
kill her she goes to stay at Matt's
apartment for a while it just changes
right in front of him you know one of
the perks of being blind but not really
blind that night she sneaks back to her
apartment to grab the USB Drive that she
had with all the dead on it but a guy's
there to try to kill her oh no
luckily daredevil shows up and he's like
boom BAM kicking and punching the fight
spilled out onto the street and then
federal kicks this guy in the face he
leaves them on City Hall with the
evidence so boom it's in the paper
scandal expose the guys win and Karen
like gets a job there as Nelson
Murdock's assistant cool but the bad
guys aren't going to roll over that
easily there's a whole gang of them
there's the two Russian brothers and
there's the white accountant guy and
there's the old Chinese lady and then
there's the mysterious Japanese dude and
then the suit guy comes up he's like hey
I represent the boss of all of you but
he's too cool to cup the Russians kidnap
another kid for their human trafficking
ring but the next episode starts with
daredevil bleeding out in a dumpster
luckily he's found by Claire temple
she's a nurse she takes him up to her
apartment to fix him up a bit and she's
like look this was a one-time thing he's
like actually you're going to be a main
character in the series this is your
life now bad guys come looking for the
money gets away but daredevil crabs the
fire extinguisher and does an awesome
drop nails the guy tie him up on the
roof and interrogate him about where the
kid is and so he finally tells him then
he throws them off the roof I'll really
kill some guy now he lives in the
dumpster I'm telling you he's exactly
like Batman he goes to where they've got
the kid and then it's time for the
famous one cake always fight you have a
camera doesn't move and he beats up all
these guys this is what made the show
famous and it's like cool because he
gets really tired he's still fighting
all these dudes he's doesn't have
super-strength he's just a guy who was
pretty good at punching people and he
saves the kids so job well done
later this other gangster is bowling and
this guy comes up like hey can I bowl
with you just kidding
here to kill you yeah buddy let's just
get the gun out so you have to bash his
head in with a bowling ball but the cops
pick him up so suit guy comes to Nelson
and Murdock he's like hey I'm represent
like a really big company and willing to
pay you a bunch of money to represent
our client and it's like well we only
represented guys he's like you know he's
a big guy but we didn't like five
seconds of talking to him it's very
obvious that he's a professional
assassin but Matt wants to find out who
his employers are so we decided to take
the case the boys are doing some actual
lawyer but Matt uses his super hearing
to hear that one of the jurors heart
rate elevated because she's being
blackmailed to vote not guilty by this
guy so he beats him up he's like now
you're going to stop that and then she
gets off the jury but then he finds out
that like even all more of the jury's
all elevated heart rate so the guy gets
not guilty so daredevil steps in and he
beats this guy up for a bit he's like
who do you work for
and he's like Wilson Fisk and then he's
like no that's the one rule you're not
allowed to say his name
oh he kills himself right in front of
him how scary is this Wilson Fisk guy
daredevil is continuing to interrupt the
Russians business so soup guy talks them
he's like handle this
or mr. Fisk will have to say find the
guy who daredevil threw up the roof he's
in the coma but they give him the super
caffeine shot is us all then I'm awake
give them Claire's apartment and then
dies so they busted and kidnapped Claire
bring her to the garage they're like
tell us everything you know about
daredevil they're still calling him the
man in black though at this point but
all the lights go off and daredevil boom
he comes in he beats them all up he
saves Claire it's his time to heal her
wait oh these kids going to kiss out
yeah yeah they do the Russian brothers
get back to garage they're like the man
in black did all this inconceivable so
this is the big shadowy crime boss
Wilson Fisk he just met this hot art
dealer Vanessa he takes her out on a
first date he's got this funny way of
talking he's like New York he's my home
then I'll do Benji to save it but their
date is interrupted by one of the
Russian brothers comes he's like hey we
need help taking down the man in black
Vanessa is like wait are you some sort
of mob boss and he's like yes I am
and she's like okay no first kiss for
you that makes him super pissed so he
takes it out on the Russian brother and
bashes his head with his car yes and
he's the reserved businessman types but
he's also the brutally violent type to
Nelson and Murdock have a new case it's
this old Spanish woman she's trying to
be forced out of her apartment by the
landlord he shutting off the power
breaking the walls and stuff so foggy
goes down to the landlord's attorney
where his superhot ex girlfriend works
and he's like man I can't wait to go
down on you I mean I can't wait to take
you down Matt goes down to the police
station to pick up some
or something but he uses his super
hearing to hear of Russian being
interrogated and he's like yes our boss
is Wilson Fisk
and the cops like shouldn't have said
his name balloon takes him down so Fisk
has got like who knows how many police
officers in his pocket
Vanessa comes back for a second date
with Fisk who's reserved the entire
restaurant for them he's like does it
bother you that I'm a crime boss and
she's like I don't know not really so
they are love so the Russians are
gearing up for war but first they get a
delivery from this blind heroin delivery
guy see that's Madame GAO's thing she's
the old Chinese woman and fists cops are
there to help her take down the Russians
so this blind delivery guy is actually
carrying a bomb boom exploded and they
do it all across the city at the same
time so they just wiped out the Russians
the Russian brothers survived though but
daredevil finds him and they have a
little fight until the cops come
daredevil surrenders but then the cops
are working for fists they're going to
kill the Russians that never will have
to fight the cops to save the Russian
gangster he takes it to this warehouse
but pretty soon the cops have him
surrounded and Fisk gives the order to
start sniping cops starting with the
dirty one because he's a liability now
and with the footage of him beating up
cops this whole thing and the explosions
get blamed on the devil of Hell's
Kitchen daredevil gets the accountants
name from the Russian and pays him a
visit but he gets distracted by
something and so he gets tased what is
it it's a blind guy oh it's his old man
sensei stick see Matt's dad was a boxer
and the gangsters paid him to take a
fall one day but he didn't so they
killed him and that was dealing with all
his super-hearing and stuff that was
very uncomfortable so stick finds Minh
he's also blind and he teaches him how
to hear well he also teaches them how to
fight with the old like I'm just going
to hit you repeatedly method so sticks
like hey Matt I need your help with
something Japanese are importing a
secret weapon called the black sky it's
coming in the docs night a mysterious
Japanese guy Nobu is a man so these two
sneak down there and do the whole ninja
thing but the weapon the black sky is
just some kid what a state is just ready
to shoot it with an arrow but Matt's
like no don't kill kids so he deflects
it that's like what the hell is that and
stick explains it's part of an ancient
shadow war between good and evil they
fight right now that's like I don't have
time for this I'm dealing with fists and
sticks like you know it's your right
I'll be back next season when this is
the main plot losing the black sky
pisses off Nobu and Madame Gao as well
so fix does an epic table flip then the
dirty copper gains consciousness and sis
goes to his old partner and best friend
is like hey are you the type of person
that would kill your partner and best
friend for a bunch of money and he's
like I guess I am so he goes to visit
his partner and brings him the meatball
sub of death he injects him with it but
daredevil comes up he's like look you've
already been injected you're dying
anyway just tell me everything you know
about fists Karen means with Ben Urich a
reporter she's like hey you want to
unravel corporate corruption murder
scandal and he's like yeah that's what I
love to do I one day she's attacked by
some thugs but foggy comes in to save
the day so she brings him on the mystery
and they're like oh we just don't know
who's at the top so daredevil pays a
visit to Benton and he doesn't have any
proof to get Fisk arrested but he has
enough to write a good expose article
since he hates people saying his name
but just then fist goes on live TV and
exposes themselves he comes across as a
really good guy and he's like my name is
Wilson Fisk
so the articles totally pointless and
daredevil is pissed now know whose main
goal is to get the apartment building
that they're trying to take the old
Spanish woman out of and because she
refused sleeve they have her killed by a
junkie they make it look like a mugging
daredevil tracks down the junkie he
finds Madame GAO's question mark heroin
he gets the information out of him goes
to a warehouse where there's nobody
except Nobu dressed as a literal ninja
daredevil like that's a little cheesy
don't you think but there's nothing
cheesy about Nobu sharp twirling weapon
because he's all like boom cut and who
cut again and turtles get all cut up and
totally beaten but then he managed to
deflect this into light and there was
gasoline on the floor from the barrel so
cool he sparked him up and he liked Nobu
burns alive ouch but Justin Fisk shows
up and he's like biggie I hope you and
Nobu would kill each other
dead I was like I'm gonna punch her in
the face I'm gonna kill you right now
man but first he's like yo I am a big
strong dude and you're all cut up right
now he tries to cut this but he's
wearing like armor suit what that's cool
anyway he beats up daredevil he's like
I'm done with him you guys just shoot
him but he manages to escape out the
window ho town into the river he makes
it back to his apartment where foggy
happens to be so foggy learns that his
best friend Matt is daredevil and after
this foggy becomes extremely annoying
because the only thing he ever says is
you should stop being daredevil because
it's dangerous and stuff
meanwhile Fisk is holding a big
fundraiser he's not like running for an
office officially but he's like clearly
going to and so Vanessa have some
champagne but people start dying and
it's like no the champagne it was
poisoned then after I so she manages to
survive to get to the hospital but he's
just like coal super sad the game is
still researching this game Karen goes
to a nursing home upstate where she
tracked down fists mother and she's a
little bit senile but she just tell them
the story of how when Fisk was a kid his
dad like beat her up and so if it's take
a hammer and kills him he killed his dad
so that's pretty big news
physics assistant gets a call from the
nursing-home about the visitor first
month so he manages to track down Tara
and he grabs her he's like well I'm
going to kill you probably but he gets
distracted by that phone call so she
grabs a gun and she gets him and he's
like oh you wouldn't shoot me she's like
actually yeah I would I have no
compliment to shoot you multiple times
right in the chest how's that Fisk is
super sad again because this wasn't just
his assistant it was his best and only
friend so he talks to his mom she to see
now to remember anything though but when
Ben tries to print the article Fisk gets
word of it I think goes to his apartment
and he's like you want to see my mother
and he kills him with his bare hands
yeah you don't mess with the dude's mom
Daredevils now working on shutting down
madame gals heroine operation he beats
up some guards and finds Madame Gao he's
like you're going down she's like [ __ ]
please I'm Madame Gao she meets with the
accountant to reveals it was these two
that tried to poison Vanessa because she
was making fists all weekend distracted
luckily Vanessa makes a full recovery
but one day fist realizes the account
dude's been stealing some money from him
and he's like well I'm gonna kill you
for stealing money he's like actually
now I have an ace in my hole the partner
that you had killed the other corrupt
cop I have him locked away somewhere and
if I don't check in every 24 hours he
goes public with all the stuff on you so
now that I'm untouchable and there's
will tell you I tried to kill Vanessa
well shouldn't have said that
Fitz decides to just kill him anyway and
he's like everyone you'll find that cop
before I revealed us luckily met uses
super hearing to hear that so when
you're got him down at the warehouse all
the cops show up daredevil shows up to
beats up the corrupt cops and he's like
hey you're coming with me you're going
to turn yourself in and spill all the
beans on Fisk so he does that gets all
the corrupt cops arrested and they're
coming for Fisk too many last-minute
proposes to Vanessa and she's like yes I
do
so as they take him to jail she goes off
on a helicopter to who-knows-where
so Fisk is going to jail and the good
guys won the end just kidding actually
physics convoy gets stopped by a
paramilitary group that he hired and
they kill all the cops and bust him out
of there jumping back a bit after his
fight with Nobu daredevil was all cut up
so he decided he needs to get some of
that armor Fisk and he finds his armored
suit guy and he's like turns out he's
only working for him because he's got
his girlfriend kidding after whatever so
he's like look I'll save her if you make
me a super suit so he uses his super
hearing to find Fisk who's moved into
this other truck so Dario comes in boom
crashes the truck just comes out and
he's like yeah how do you like me now I
got an awesome super suit with like
devil horns and stuff a little on the
nose but whatever it looks badass so
these two have their final fistfight in
the alley and at the end Fisk is like
you can't kill me because you do good
guy with your Christian guilt Daredevils
like oh I don't know I might have to be
the devil but
just punches them really hard and fists
survives so she goes to jail and the
good guys won hooray
he officially gets his name daredevil
and that's how season 1 comes to an end
[Music]